- Hey, did you know?
c0000001
If you measured the distance
to the horizon seen
c0000002
at human eye level,
c0000003
it'd be roughly four kilometers?
- [gasps]
c0000004
Is it normal
for people around here
c0000005
to suddenly start talking
to people
c0000006
they've never met before?
c0000007
- Huh? What are you trying
to tell me you think I'm some
c0000008
kind of weirdo?
- No. It's not that.
c0000009
I just think you're annoying.
- Whoa.
c0000010
Saying that to a high
school girl's taboo.
c0000011
The big three are annoying,
uncool, and can't take hints.
c0000012
Anyway, from what I can see,
c0000013
you're a young man
who's majorly sulking.
c0000014
Did something happen?
c0000015
- [exhales]
c0000016
- I'm Shoko Makinohara,
by the way.
c0000017
First name spelled like
"child soaring the sky,"
c0000018
and last name like
the rest area.
c0000019
Do you mind telling me
your name?
c0000020
- [groaning]
c0000021
- Hi there, big brother.
c0000022
Morning!
c0000023
- Come on, Kaede.
c0000024
I'm a broken record
at this point
c0000025
but I really need you
to stop crawling into my bed.
c0000026
- Is it 'cause you'll become
aware of your desire
c0000027
for forbidden love?
c0000028
- That's not it.
c0000029
The temperature makes
it too uncomfortable, so stop.
c0000030
[grunts]
c0000031
The girl that I ran into
that day looking after
c0000032
the abandoned cat had
the same name
c0000033
as the high school girl
I met two years ago.
c0000034
The one who was my first crush.
c0000035
- My name is Shoko Makinohara.
c0000036
- She had the same name but...
c0000037
[doorbell rings]
c0000038
She didn't seem to know anythig
about me at all.
c0000039
And two more weeks of summer
break passed by uneventfully.
c0000040
- Oh, hello there.
c0000041
Are you being a good kitty,
Hayate?
c0000042
- Oh, right. We ended up landig
on Hayate for a name.
c0000043
From the Tohoku trains
like Nasuno.
c0000044
- I'm sorry.
c0000045
I told you that I wanted
to adopt him
c0000046
but I haven't been able
to ask my parents yet.
c0000047
- We can take care of him here
for a while,
c0000048
so it's all right.
c0000049
Nasuno likes him, too.
c0000050
In the meantime,
c0000051
it's a good opportunity
for you to learn how
c0000052
to take care of cats.
- Yes!
c0000053
- Big brother, when
it comes to younger sisters,
c0000054
would you say younger's better?
c0000055
Do you prefer ones who are tidy
and act really proper?
c0000056
- Uh, what kind of question
is that?
c0000057
- Right now Kaede's in
the biggest crisis in
c0000058
the history of Kaede!
c0000059
She must master the ways
of little sisterhood
c0000060
as quickly as she can!
c0000061
- I'm completely fine
having Kaede as my one
c0000062
and only little sister.
- But, well,
c0000063
i--if that's true then what
would that make Shoko to you?
c0000064
- [exhales]
c0000065
That's a good question.
c0000066
Hey Makinohara, you don't have
a big sister, do you?
c0000067
- No.
I don't have any siblings.
c0000068
- What about relatives
that look like you?
c0000069
- Not any that I can think of.
c0000070
- [exhales]
c0000071
I guess I should go
and consult Futaba after all.
c0000072
- What's up, Azusagawa?
c0000073
- [singing in Japanese]
c0000074
[The Peggies' "Kimi no sei"]
c0000075
♪ ♪
c0000076
c0000077
♪ ♪
c0000078
[cicadas chirping]
c0000079
- Futaba.
c0000080
- It gets too hot
if I keep my hair down.
c0000081
And I'm wearing contacts
today instead of glasses.
c0000082
- What's with the uniform?
c0000083
- About to head to school.
c0000084
- Kunimi's at work
so he won't be there.
c0000085
- I am the only member
of the science club
c0000086
so if I don't document
regular activities,
c0000087
they'll just can the club.
c0000088
So what is it that you wanted
to discuss?
c0000089
- Uh, oh, yeah.
Actually...
c0000090
I ran into Shoko Makinohara.
c0000091
- You mean the first girl you
had a crush on?
c0000092
She really did exist.
c0000093
- What's even more surprising
is that she's somehow now
c0000094
a seventh-grader.
c0000095
- Are you sure you're lucid?
- Unfortunately, yes.
c0000096
- Isn't it simply someone else
with the same name
c0000097
and similar looks?
c0000098
They say for each person there
c0000099
are two others in the world
who share the same face.
c0000100
- That's just a baseless
popular urban legend.
c0000101
- Yeah, you're right.
c0000102
Another common urban legend.
c0000103
But also, this isn't causing you
actual harm for now, right?
c0000104
- I guess not.
- Maybe it's fine, then.
c0000105
[girls laughing]
c0000106
- Seems like there's a fireworks
festival somewhere today.
c0000107
- There's one in Chigasaki.
c0000108
- That reminds me.
c0000109
We went to a fireworks festival
last year.
c0000110
You, me, and Kunimi.
c0000111
And I remember you showing up
in normal clothes.
c0000112
You should have worn
a yukata for it.
c0000113
- Why should I have
to do something so inconvenient,
c0000114
uncomfortable, and pointless
just to make you happy?
c0000115
- I meant to show to Kunimi.
c0000116
-
Wouldn't change the fact
that it doesn't suit me.
c0000117
- Do yukatas not look good on
you when you've got big boobs?
c0000118
- That's not at all what I
was trying to say.
c0000119
- If you wore one
with your current hairstyle
c0000120
I think it would
look pretty good.
c0000121
- [exhales]
I'm done.
c0000122
You have to go to work, right?
See ya.
c0000123
- That advice helps more
than you know.
c0000124
Have you gotten even more tan
than before?
c0000125
- I did go to the beach
two days ago.
c0000126
- With Kamisato?
- Yeah. Problem?
c0000127
- [groans]
How annoying.
c0000128
- Annoying how?
c0000129
You have that smoke show
of a girlfriend, don't you?
c0000130
- Sure, but Mai's been
incredibly busy lately.
c0000131
I haven't even seen her face in
a week.
c0000132
- Huh.
c0000133
Well, I saw her on TV yesterday.
c0000134
- Don't worry.
If we're counting that,
c0000135
then I've actually
seen her every day.
c0000136
- Good morning.
c0000137
Ah! It's you.
c0000138
- Did you come here
to brag about your cute yukata?
c0000139
- No, I'm just here because
I haven't filled out my shifts
c0000140
for next week.
c0000141
- I think it looks pretty great
on you, Koga.
c0000142
- You say while staring
at my chest.
c0000143
- I also took the balance
between your waist
c0000144
and hips into consideration.
c0000145
- You suck.
You know that?
c0000146
I get it.
I don't have giant boobs.
c0000147
They're too small to rest on top
of the obi.
c0000148
I'm a cylinder!
c0000149
[doorbell ringing]
c0000150
- Hi, welco--
[stammers]
c0000151
Weren't you supposed to get back
from your film shoot tomorrow?
c0000152
- The show had a lot of veteran
actors working on it.
c0000153
I didn't need many takes,
either, so we finished early.
c0000154
- Ah, gotcha.
c0000155
So you came back early
because you couldn't wait
c0000156
even one more day to see me.
I'm so happy.
c0000157
- Why are you like this?
c0000158
- I can take your order
if you've decided on something.
c0000159
- [groans]
- Ready for that order.
c0000160
- Why are you sulking like that?
- Huh? Like what?
c0000161
- See? Just like that.
c0000162
- And whose fault do you
think that could be?
c0000163
- [groans]
I mean, it's just--
c0000164
- Just?
- Sorry.
c0000165
I realize I've been so engrossed
in work that I've neglected
c0000166
our newly-formed relationship.
c0000167
So yeah, I'm a failure
as a girlfriend.
c0000168
- Well, I wouldn't go that far,
but--
c0000169
but?
c0000170
- I'm excited for what you'll do
in return.
c0000171
- All right, then.
c0000172
I can do a little bit extra
for you.
c0000173
- Can it be lewd?
c0000174
- If it's only a little bit.
c0000175
- Good, I think
I can forgive you.
c0000176
- Don't push it, Sakuta.
- [groans]
c0000177
- I'm super happy that you
were able to come back early!
c0000178
- There we go.
You should have said that first.
c0000179
When are you off?
I'll wait for you.
c0000180
So has she been coming
by every day?
c0000181
- Hmm?
c0000182
- That Shoko Makinohara girl
c0000183
that you said looks exactly
like your first crush.
c0000184
- Yeah, she has.
Does that bother you?
c0000185
- 'Course not.
She's a seventh-grade girl.
c0000186
There's no way I'd ever
be jealous in the slightest.
c0000187
Anything strange happen?
- No, not at all.
c0000188
- Have you figured
out something new?
c0000189
- I even asked Futaba about it
but so far, nothing.
c0000190
Anyway, talking's fine and all,
c0000191
but I'd much rather be flirting
with you right now.
c0000192
I mean, I haven't seen you in
a while.
c0000193
- I'll be doing that as much
as you want later.
c0000194
- What?
I'd prefer now, though.
c0000195
- Huh?
c0000196
Isn't that Futaba right there?
c0000197
- What's she doing hanging
around a place like this?
c0000198
- I've never been inside
an internet cafe.
c0000199
We'll never find her
wandering around like this.
c0000200
- Hey, Mai,
can I use your phone?
c0000201
- [grunts]
c0000202
[phone trilling]
c0000203
[receiver clicks]
- Hello?
c0000204
- Futaba, it's me.
c0000205
- Okay, but why are you calling
me from a random mobile number?
c0000206
- I just borrowed Mai's
cell phone.
c0000207
- Enough about your love life.
c0000208
What is it now?
Another messy problem?
c0000209
- Am I only ever associated with
messy problems in your head?
c0000210
- Sakuta, there.
- [gasps]
c0000211
- Azusagawa, what's wrong?
- [gasps]
c0000212
- Sorry, looks like
the battery's running low.
c0000213
I'll call you back later!
c0000214
Hey, hold on!
- [gasps]
c0000215
[gasps]
c0000216
Was that me you were
just calling?
c0000217
- Yeah.
c0000218
- Then I guess I can't talk
myself out of this one.
c0000219
[lights buzzing]
c0000220
There are currently two of me.
c0000221
- I'm confused.
What do you mean?
c0000222
- It's just what I said.
c0000223
As of three days ago,
c0000224
there's two Rio Futabas existing
in this world.
c0000225
- You mean it's a form
of puberty syndrome?
c0000226
- Yeah, though I hate
to admit it.
c0000227
- Any clues yet?
c0000228
- If I had any,
I would have taken care of it.
c0000229
- So was it the other one
that I met up with
c0000230
at the bookstore this afternoon?
c0000231
- Since I haven't seen you
at all today,
c0000232
that would be
the only explanation.
c0000233
That fake's causing me
so much inconvenience.
c0000234
Because she's been staying over
at my house
c0000235
and actually living there,
c0000236
I couldn't go home
if I wanted to.
c0000237
- I see.
So that's why.
c0000238
You should have come
to me before an internet cafe.
c0000239
- [gasps]
c0000240
Hey, Mai.
c0000241
I'm gonna have Futaba stay
at my place for a bit.
c0000242
Is that okay?
- No way.
c0000243
- Huh? But she's just
a good friend.
c0000244
You know that.
- Then let me ask you this.
c0000245
If I asked to have one
of my guy friends stay over
c0000246
at my place,
you'd be fine with it?
c0000247
- Uh...
c0000248
I don't even want
to imagine that.
c0000249
- See?
c0000250
That's why I'll be staying over,
too.
c0000251
[door creaks open]
- Hmm?
c0000252
[gasps]
c0000253
Big brother has brought
yet another new woman
c0000254
back home with him.
c0000255
- You're ruining my reputation.
- [gasps]
c0000256
But no matter how far
you've fallen,
c0000257
as your little sister,
I am prepared to accept you!
c0000258
- This here is my friend
Rio Futaba.
c0000259
- Nice to meet you.
c0000260
- M--My name's Kaede Azusagawa.
c0000261
This one is Nasuno
and the other one is Hayate.
c0000262
[both meowing]
c0000263
- Both of them will be staying
with us
c0000264
for a while starting tonight.
c0000265
Okay. Mai and Futaba can stay
in my room together,
c0000266
and I'll go sleep in--
- If that's the case,
c0000267
the two of us
can share Kaede's room.
c0000268
- Not happening.
- [gasps]
c0000269
- I'll take the living room.
- [groans]
c0000270
- I'm gonna head back
to my place for now
c0000271
to grab some clothes.
c0000272
I'll take a bath while I'm
at it as well.
c0000273
[door closes]
c0000274
- Then you can take your bath
before me, Futaba.
c0000275
- [groans]
- Hmm?
c0000276
Let me be completely clear.
c0000277
I'm not gonna do anything
with bath water that
c0000278
has become Futaba broth.
c0000279
- Azusagawa.
c0000280
- Just go take that bath, 'kay?
c0000281
- The fact that you call
it broth is deserving of death.
c0000282
[water splashing]
c0000283
[inhales and exhales sharply]
c0000284
- I'll leave
a towel right out here.
c0000285
- Thanks.
c0000286
- You have a change of clothes,
right?
c0000287
- I do.
c0000288
- If you don't I can lend you
c0000289
a bunny girl outfit
or some panda pajamas.
c0000290
- I just told you that I do.
c0000291
- Clothing aside,
are you okay?
c0000292
- If it'll get you
to leave sooner,
c0000293
then my answer is yes.
- Okay.
c0000294
- Why are you sitting down right
outside the bath?
c0000295
- I was talking about
puberty syndrome when I asked
c0000296
if you were okay just now.
c0000297
- Well, I'm not really sure.
c0000298
- Is that all?
c0000299
- What do you want me to say?
c0000300
- Nothing, really.
c0000301
I just wanted
to hear your thoughts on it.
c0000302
- It's a little scary.
c0000303
- Only a little?
c0000304
- I was really scared when I
was all alone in
c0000305
the internet cafe.
- [exhales]
c0000306
Anyway, is something
like this even possible?
c0000307
I mean, for one person
to exist in two bodies.
c0000308
- If quantum teleportation
is able to function on
c0000309
a macroscopic scale, then yes,
it very well could be.
c0000310
- What? Teleportation?
c0000311
That's only in movies, isn't it?
c0000312
- Not necessarily.
I'm talking about real life.
c0000313
- Seriously?
c0000314
- We discussed
quantum entanglement
c0000315
in the past, right?
c0000316
Let me apply it to this case
c0000317
to simplify the explanation.
c0000318
Let's say that there's
a blueprint
c0000319
that has detailed information
about how to construct me.
c0000320
- You call that simple?
c0000321
- And then you apply
quantum entanglement
c0000322
which takes that information
and moves it
c0000323
to a far away location.
c0000324
- For example, if we send
the information from the Futaba
c0000325
in my bath to the school?
- Right.
c0000326
Which means that the data that
constructs me as a person
c0000327
will be confirmed by someone's
external observation
c0000328
of who Rio Futaba is.
c0000329
- According to that logic,
c0000330
wouldn't it be impossible
for both
c0000331
to exist simultaneously?
c0000332
- Precisely.
c0000333
And I've also never actually
seen my other self in
c0000334
the flesh before.
c0000335
So if you asked if we both
existed simultaneously,
c0000336
I can't be sure that we do.
c0000337
- But when I ran into you at
the internet cafe,
c0000338
I was right in the middle
of talking to
c0000339
the other Futaba on the phone.
c0000340
- Are you really certain it
was me you were talking to?
c0000341
- Well, it's not like I saw her
or anything.
c0000342
But quantum teleportation,
c0000343
if the information
that constructs you is the same,
c0000344
then wouldn't your consciousness
and memories be shared no matter
c0000345
which one was being observed?
c0000346
- Unless the one who's observing
me Rio Futaba happened
c0000347
to be myself.
c0000348
If we were to say
for whatever reason
c0000349
there are two separate copies
of my own consciousness
c0000350
that are observing me,
c0000351
we could end up in that sort
of situation.
c0000352
- That would mean that there
c0000353
are two different personalities
of you.
c0000354
Let's say that was true.
c0000355
How did it end up that way?
c0000356
- I already told you.
I have no idea.
c0000357
[crickets chirping]
c0000358
- [grunts]
c0000359
Mai.
- Mm?
c0000360
- What are you doing?
c0000361
- Staring at Sakuta's face.
c0000362
- Yeah, I figured that much,
but...
c0000363
- Staring at my boyfriend.
c0000364
- [grunts]
c0000365
- Made your heart race, right?
c0000366
- Having a good time, Mai?
c0000367
- I'm spending time with my
boyfriend after being away
c0000368
and sleeping over, too.
Of course I am.
c0000369
- And Futaba?
- She's sleeping like a baby.
c0000370
She probably hasn't gotten
quality sleep the past few day.
c0000371
- That makes sense.
c0000372
- So you're more concerned
with Futaba's well-being
c0000373
when I'm right in front of you?
- [grunts]
c0000374
- [exhales sharply]
c0000375
And I was planning on letting
c0000376
you take me out on a date since
c0000377
I have the day off tomorrow.
c0000378
- Why are you talking like
that won't happen anymore?
c0000379
- Because you're going to go
and investigate Futaba's thing,
c0000380
aren't you?
c0000381
- Well, the fake should be
at school again tomorrow
c0000382
working on science club things.
c0000383
So yeah, I was thinking about
heading over to check on her.
c0000384
- See? I knew it.
c0000385
- And now I have a favor
to ask you.
c0000386
- No way.
c0000387
You're just going
to ask that I stay back
c0000388
and keep an eye on
the real Futaba
c0000389
while you go check on
the fake one, right?
c0000390
- As expected of the great Mai,
you really do know me well.
c0000391
- Don't be so proud.
- Ouch, that hurts.
c0000392
- Stop enjoying this.
c0000393
- But yeah, I'd appreciate it
if you'd do that.
c0000394
[grunts]
- Fine.
c0000395
Then we'll call it even
and I won't owe you anything
c0000396
for being busy with work before.
c0000397
- Aww, I still want something
in return, though.
c0000398
- Aren't I lying next
to you right now?
c0000399
- More like what birds do
with their beaks together.
c0000400
Wait. You didn't get it?
c0000401
- Well, it doesn't have
to be an apology.
c0000402
As long as you're thoughtful
and choose the appropriate time,
c0000403
place, and mood, you're allowed
to make a move on me.
c0000404
- [gasps]
c0000405
Mai?
- Yeah, what?
c0000406
- [grunts]
c0000407
- [gasps]
c0000408
- [exhales]
c0000409
[both groan]
c0000410
- Ow, that hurt.
c0000411
- It's because you got
all flustered last minute
c0000412
and looked down.
- I'm pretty sure it's because
c0000413
you got greedy.
- Mai?
c0000414
- That's it for today.
c0000415
- Aww.
c0000416
- You can blame yourself
for sucking at it.
c0000417
- Man, that hurt
my feelings bad.
c0000418
I may lose the nerve
to ever talk to women again.
c0000419
- Don't worry.
That won't happen.
c0000420
- What makes you say that?
c0000421
- Because until you've mastered
your technique,
c0000422
I will let you get
as much practice as needed.
c0000423
- Hey, Mai?
c0000424
- What is it?
c0000425
- I love you so much.
c0000426
- I know.
c0000427
Well, goodnight.
c0000428
- Yep, goodnight.
c0000429
[quietly squealing]
c0000430
- [chomping]
c0000431
This is delicious, big brother!
c0000432
It's super fluffy.
c0000433
- The eggs are tasty, too.
- [chomps]
c0000434
So creamy, it's melting in
my mouth!
c0000435
- Maybe we should have Mai cook
for us every day from now on.
c0000436
- Yes!
- Using Kaede as bait
c0000437
isn't playing fair.
- Ow!
c0000438
- What's gotten into you,
big brother?
c0000439
- My love is being tested
right now.
c0000440
- Futaba, is it not
to your liking?
c0000441
- Oh, that's not it.
c0000442
It's that this is my first time
eating breakfast
c0000443
with someone in a while.
c0000444
[doorbell rings]
- [gasps]
c0000445
[cicadas chirping]
c0000446
- Hello and good morning,
Sakuta.
c0000447
- Morning.
- Oh?
c0000448
You have some guests over?
c0000449
- A lot's been going on.
c0000450
But don't worry.
Come in.
c0000451
- Oh, good morning, Shoko.
c0000452
- Good morning to you as well.
c0000453
It seems like you have quite
a lot of girls
c0000454
that you're close with, Sakuta.
c0000455
- [groans]
- Oh.
c0000456
Just observing.
c0000457
This is Rio Futaba,
one of my classmates.
c0000458
- My name is Shoko Makinohara.
c0000459
- So she actually does exist,
then.
c0000460
[cicadas chirping]
c0000461
- Futaba, are you here?
c0000462
Oh, that's right.
c0000463
Kunimi mentioned there
was supposed to be
c0000464
a practice game.
c0000465
[sneakers squeaking
on floorboards]
c0000466
- [breathing heavily]
c0000467
[both grunting]
c0000468
[whistle blows]
c0000469
[girls cheering]
c0000470
[cicadas chirping]
c0000471
- Found her.
c0000472
- Hey, she a third-year?
c0000473
- Has Kunimi been playing well?
- [gasps]
c0000474
I came to do my club activities
c0000475
and this was on the way.
c0000476
- Why don't you also do
the, "Kya, Kunimi," thing?
c0000477
- I've been cheering for him.
c0000478
- You mean inside, right?
- [grunts]
c0000479
[grunts]
c0000480
- You don't show yourself off
to him enough.
c0000481
- I'd prefer you not getting
in my way.
c0000482
[buzzer sounds]
c0000483
- So, what was it about Kunimi
that made you actually fall
c0000484
for him in the end?
c0000485
- What would you do by knowing?
c0000486
- Well, nothing, really.
c0000487
Just curious.
c0000488
- [exhales sharply]
c0000489
Choco cornet.
c0000490
- You asking me to get you one?
c0000491
- That's not it.
c0000492
Kunimi gave me one one day
that I didn't bring
c0000493
a lunch to school.
c0000494
It was during the first term
of our first year
c0000495
and the first time I attempted
to purchase bread.
c0000496
I ended up getting
really overwhelmed
c0000497
but then he called out to me.
c0000498
[gasps]
c0000499
- You're a girl so you must like
sweet things, right, Futaba?
c0000500
- He said while eating
his battle trophy,
c0000501
the curry bread.
c0000502
- The renowned prince
of curry bread, huh?
c0000503
- [grunts]
c0000504
- And then?
c0000505
- Nothing else.
c0000506
- How much is a choco cornet?
c0000507
- 130 yen.
c0000508
- Your price
is surprisingly reasonable.
c0000509
- If it was you who gave
it to me,
c0000510
I wouldn't have fallen in love,
though.
c0000511
- It comes down to looks, then.
c0000512
- In the end I think it
was all about timing.
c0000513
Because I was kind of depressed
at the time.
c0000514
- If you want to watch
you should go and watch.
c0000515
- [grunts]
So anyway,
c0000516
what is it you want from me?
c0000517
- Right now Futaba's staying
at my place.
c0000518
- [grunts]
That makes sense.
c0000519
So that's why you were acting
so strange when we were on
c0000520
the phone last night.
c0000521
- So what do you make
of the current situation?
c0000522
- Let me ask this.
Do you think I'm a fake?
c0000523
- That is what I thought
at first, honestly.
c0000524
But talking like this,
c0000525
I know you're both
the real Futaba.
c0000526
- Does the other me have
a hypothesis?
c0000527
- Something about
quantum teleportation,
c0000528
if that's an actual possibility.
c0000529
- Then it looks like we've come
to the same conclusion.
c0000530
- Based on what she shared
from our observations,
c0000531
what she thought was most likely
is that your own consciousness
c0000532
is what's observing you and that
there are two copies of it
c0000533
for one reason or another.
c0000534
- What kind of reason?
c0000535
- She says she didn't have
any clue.
c0000536
- She flat out lied and you
just blindly believed her?
c0000537
- Why do you think she's lying?
c0000538
- Because I do have a clue
as to why.
c0000539
- If it doesn't make
a difference who I ask,
c0000540
then tell me.
c0000541
- I have to get back
to my club stuff now.
c0000542
- Well, X and Y here are inside
the parenthesis.
c0000543
- Right.
c0000544
- I'm making coffee.
You want some?
c0000545
- Y--Yes, thank you.
c0000546
- Kaede's the little sister
so honey cafe ole with lots
c0000547
of milk and honey
is her favorite.
c0000548
- That sounds delicious.
c0000549
I'd love to have the same thing
if that's okay.
c0000550
- Huh. Then maybe
I'll have that, too.
c0000551
[cell phone ringing]
- [whimpers]
c0000552
- [gasps]
Sorry, Kaede.
c0000553
Looks like it's from my manager.
c0000554
Is something the matter?
- Do you have a second to talk?
c0000555
- Yeah, it's fine.
c0000556
- Thank you for your hard work
c0000557
on the recent film shoot.
c0000558
Are you out of the house,
by chance?
c0000559
- I am.
I'm at my boyfriend's.
c0000560
- Ah, boyfriend's.
c0000561
Wait, what? Boyfriend?
Did I hear you right just now?
c0000562
- Futaba was just around, right?
c0000563
- So you noticed her.
c0000564
- Yeah, right after
the game started.
c0000565
- Does she come by
to watch often, then?
c0000566
- Mm, once in a while.
c0000567
On her way too
and from club activities.
c0000568
- Who knows what's actually on
the way?
c0000569
- So is something going on
with Futaba?
c0000570
- What makes you ask that?
c0000571
- You don't like school
near enough to come here
c0000572
over summer break without
a reason.
c0000573
Which makes me thinks
something's going on with her.
c0000574
- [exhales]
c0000575
- 'Kay, got it!
I'll be right there!
c0000576
If something happens,
reach out, all right?
c0000577
- Oh?
- With Futaba.
c0000578
- I was planning to even
if it's midnight.
c0000579
So you better be ready
to come flying over.
c0000580
- I'm not sure about
the flying part.
c0000581
But I am pretty fast on a bike!
c0000582
- [grunts]
c0000583
[cicadas chirping]
c0000584
[phone trilling]
c0000585
[receiver clicks]
- Hi. Azusagawa here.
c0000586
- Hey, Mai, please repeat
what you just said.
c0000587
- Hi, Azusagawa here.
c0000588
- I wanna hear it more like
a newlywed wife.
c0000589
- How can you get so worked up
over one little phone call?
c0000590
So how are things on your end?
c0000591
- She was indeed here
at school today.
c0000592
- I see. She's been here
the whole time, too.
c0000593
Anyway, can you come home soon?
c0000594
- Something the matter?
c0000595
- I got a call
from my manager earlier
c0000596
and there's something
I really want to talk
c0000597
to you about in person.
c0000598
- To me?
[gasps]
c0000599
- What's wrong?
- Oh, it's nothing.
c0000600
Well, I'll see you later.
c0000601
- Hey, Azusagawa.
c0000602
You're friends with that girl,
aren't you?
c0000603
- I don't know a "that girl"
so I'm assuming you mean Futaba?
c0000604
- Isn't what she's
doing dangerous?
c0000605
Like, really.
c0000606
- Huh. How so?
- Here.
c0000607
This is her hidden account.
c0000608
- Hmm.
c0000609
[gasping]
c0000610
- [singing in Japanese]
c0000611
["Fukashigi no Carte" plays]
c0000612
♪ ♪
c0000613
c0000614
- Oh, big brother.
You're such a rascal.